My job in particular is very transferable to the civilian world because
everybody needs power, and nuclear technology is one of the main ways,
one of the cheapest ways, one of the cleanest ways to produce that
power. So for my field, I think sixty percent of the people that
are employed by the nuclear companies are ex-Navy. There are many jobs
out there that can be transferable, anything that's engineering
related is highly transferable. Even though you're on a ship or on a
submarine or with military equipment. The concepts the chemistry, the
math and science, they're all transferable. Other jobs aren't quite
as transferable. So for instance if you're working with weapons,
once you get out the civilian side, although there are some weapons
companies, many of them are aren't really looking for, well you might
not be looking to get back into the weapons section. However, depending
on what you learned, the same concepts, the engineering concepts
can be transferable. So it really depends on what type of job you
want, what type of job you do, and the education that you receive while
you're there. That's gonna dictate what you can do on the outside.